Welcome to the gazebo basics lesson.
Here you will get hands-on experience with a three-dimensional robotics simulator.
Robotic simulators allow you to model a 3D simulated version
of your surroundings and real-world robot with exact same physics.
You can also add sensors to the virtual robot, interact with it,
activate its joints and so much more,
almost the same as working with the real-world robot.
The big advantage of working in a simulator is saving both time and cost.
As an engineer, you don't always want to be testing your code on
a real robot and then crashing it and spending time fixing it.
Instead, you want to test your code in a simulator where mistakes are far less costly.
With a single key press,
you can reset your simulated robot to its initial state.
After intensive testing your code in simulator,
you can deploy the final version of your code on a real robot.
One of the most common 3D physics
based simulators using the robotics word is called gazebo.
Engineers are extensively using gazebo to test
their software in simulation before they deploy it on the real world robot.
In this lesson, you will learn the basics of gazebo to simulate the robotic environment.
First, you'll get the basic understanding of the gazebo simulator and its features.
Throughout the lesson, you will be able to practice working with
gazebo through the Udacity workspace that runs in your browser.
Then, you will learn the main components of the simulator.
Next, we'll take a look inside
gazebo so that you can understand this graphical user interface.
You will then simulate your first robot in the modulator.
To interact with your simulated world,
you'll learn how to write plug-ins.
Finally, you will explore the building editor to design a building in gazebo.
All right now, let's get started.